Add 'Pipeline components' topic to the user guide (#1839)
elyra-ai/elyra: docs/source/user_guide/pipeline-components.md

<!--
{% comment %}
Copyright 2018-2021 Elyra Authors

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
{% endcomment %}
-->

## Pipeline components

### Overview

> [Pipelines](pipelines.md) comprise of nodes that are implemented using components. A component typically only implements one unit-of-work, such as load data, prepare data, train a model, or deploy a model for serving. The following depicts a basic pipeline in the Visual Pipeline Editor, which utilizes components to load a data file, split the file, truncates the resulting files, and counts the number of records in each file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Pipelines](pipelines.md) comprise of nodes that are implemented using components. A component typically only implements one unit-of-work, such as loading data, transforming data, training a model, or deploying a model to serve. The following depicts a basic pipeline in the Visual Pipeline Editor, which utilizes components to load a data file, split the file, truncates the resulting files, and counts the number of records in each file.
```

![A basic Kubeflow pipeline](../images/user_guide/pipeline-components/kubeflow-pipeline.png)

The same pipeline could be implemented using a single component that performs all these tasks, but that component might not be as universally re-usable. Consider, for example, that for another project the data resides in a different kind of storage. With fine-granular components you'd only have to replace the load data component with one that supports the other storage type and could retain everything else. 

> Elyra includes three _generic components_ that allow for the processing of Jupyter notebooks, Python scripts, and R scripts. These components are called generic because they can be used in all runtime environments that Elyra pipelines currently support: local/JupyterLab, Kubeflow Pipelines, and Apache Airflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Elyra includes three _generic components_ that allow for the processing of: Jupyter notebooks, Python scripts, and R scripts. These components are called generic because they can be used in all runtime environments that Elyra pipelines currently support: local/JupyterLab, Kubeflow Pipelines, and Apache Airflow.
```

#### Example custom components

For illustrative purposes the Elyra component registry includes a few custom components that you can use to get started. 

![Example pipeline for the HTTP component](../images/user_guide/pipeline-components/example-components-pipeline.png)

Component details and demo pipelines can be found in the `https://github.com/elyra-ai/examples` repository:
- [Kubeflow Pipeline components](https://github.com/elyra-ai/examples/tree/master/pipelines/kubeflow_pipelines_component_examples)
- [Apache Airflow components](https://github.com/elyra-ai/examples/tree/master/pipelines/airflow_component_examples)

Note that example components are provided as is. Unless indicated otherwise they are not maintained by the Elyra community.

### Managing custom components

In this release Elyra utilizes an internal registry to store information about custom components that you can use in the Visual Pipeline Editor to create pipelines.

#### Adding a component to the registry

> This feature is currently not available.

Reviewer: not available....yet?

Author: Wouldn't that be duplicate since _currently_ somewhat implies that  it might be there in the future.

Reviewer: word play is fun
